# Sintax

An English language sentence assembler written in PHP.

## Example

	$fox = new Noun( 'fox', 'the' );
	$fox->adjective( 'quick' );
	$fox->adjective( 'brown' );

	$jump = new Verb( 'jumped over' );

	$dog = new Noun( 'dog', 'the' );
	$dog->adjective( 'lazy' );

	$test_sentence = new Sentence();
	$test_sentence->add_part( $fox );
	$test_sentence->add_part( $jump );
	$test_sentence->add_part( $dog );

    // Outputs: The quick, brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

## Why?

I am writing an application that makes extensive use of autogenerated sentences from data put in by users. I don't want the users thinking about creating sentences since I'm just trying to get them to put in information about historic houses. So they select stuff from drop downs and then I assemble it into normal English sentences. This was a pain and there was a lot simularities between how I was doing it, like checking to see if the nouns began with a vowel before choosing a or an, pluralizing stuff, checking for commas between adjectives, etc. So I made Sintax.

## What now?

I'm not saying that I've covered every scenario or made everything perfect. It's working for me now but if you need to change something to work for you, push it back and I'll roll it in. I only ask that you follow the rules of the English language and don't make hacks just to fit your specific scenario and I'll try to do the same.

## Use

I currently use this as a Kohana module, but I'm sure the classes are generic enough for anyone to use anywhere. It's all PHP and the tests should hopefully show how best to use it.
